feat: Release `1.0.0-pre.9` (#3579)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/authenticate/google/readme.mdx

import Alert from "@/components/DocsAlert";
import PlanBadge from "@/components/PlanBadge";
import Image from "next/image";
import Link from "next/link";

<PlanBadge plans={["enterprise"]}>

# SSO with Google Workspace

</PlanBadge>

Firezone integrates with [Google Workspace](https://workspace.google.com) using

> a custom connector that supports both authenticating users and syncing users and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a direct API integration that supports both authenticating users and syncing users, org units and
```

Author: I call these `connectors` in the remainder of this page and other places of the docs, so going to leave it as-is.

Author: Maybe `API connector`

# SSO with Google Workspace

</PlanBadge>

Firezone integrates with [Google Workspace](https://workspace.google.com) using
a custom connector that supports both authentication and directory sync. Use
this guide if you're looking to setup SSO with Google Workspace for your
Firezone Enterprise account and want to automatically sync users, groups, and
organizational units from Google Workspace to Firezone.

<Alert color="info">
  If you're just looking to authenticate users against Google Workspace
  **without** automatic directory sync, use our [universal OIDC
  connector](/kb/authenticate/oidc) instead, available on all plans.
</Alert>

## Overview

The Firezone Google Workspace connector integrates with Google's identity APIs
to support user authentication and directory sync.

Users, groups, and organizational units are synced every few minutes to ensure
that your Firezone account remains up-to-date with the latest identity data from
Google Workspace. [Read more](/kb/authenticate/directory-sync) about how sync
works.

## Setup

Setting up the Google Workspace connector is similar to the process of setting
up a universal OIDC connector. The main difference is the addition of a few

> extra read-only scopes needed to enable sync.

Reviewer 2: I noticed you replaced `user / group` with `directory` above.  Would it make sense to put it here as well?
